[DOCS] Initial revision and reorg of "Create a Data Context" content for revised GX 1.0 ToC (#9938)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/core/set_up_a_gx_environment/_create_a_data_context/_file_data_context.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs'
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem'

import PrereqPythonInstallation from '../../_core_components/prerequisites/_python_installation.md'
import PrereqGxInstallation from '../../_core_components/prerequisites/_gx_installation.md'

## Prerequisites

- <PrereqPythonInstallation/>
- <PrereqGxInstallation/>

## Create a File Data Context

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="procedure" label="Procedure">

1. Run the following code to request a File Data Context:

   ```python title='Python input' name="core/set_up_a_gx_environment/_create_a_data_context/file_data_context.py import great_expectations and get a context"
   ```

>    When you specify `mode='file'`, the `get_context()` method will instantiate and return the first File Data Context it finds in the folder hierarchy of your current working directory.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When you specify `mode='file'`, the `get_context()` method instantiates and returns the first File Data Context it finds in the folder hierarchy of your current working directory.  
```

>    If a File Data Context configuration is not found, `get_context(mode='file')` will create a new File Data Context in your current working directory and then instantiate and return the newly created File Data Context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If a File Data Context configuration is not found, `get_context(mode='file')` creates a new File Data Context in your current working directory and then instantiates and returns the newly created File Data Context.
```

> 2. Optional. Run the following code to review the configuration of the File Data Context you recieved:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Optional. Run the following code to review the File Data Context configuration:
```

   ```python title="Python input" name="core/set_up_a_gx_environment/_create_a_data_context/file_data_context.py review returned Data Context"
   ```
   

>    The Data Context configuration, formatted as a Python dictionary, is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The Data Context configuration, formatted as a Python dictionary, appears.
```
